# DECO-2200-Information-Visualisation
Fundamental graphic applications for print technologies &amp; principles of print, page anatomy &amp; construction, design production literacies &amp; requirements for application to screen design. Role of process in design &amp; roles &amp; responsibilities inherent in design production processes.

## 1. [Just the facts](https://github.com/carriewang1/DECO-2200-Information-Visualisation/tree/main/Just%20the%20Facts)
This project is designed to allow students to practice technical & theoretical skills in a creative manner. This project will enable students to develop a visual language and allow them to explore the possibilities for communicating a message in a visual form. By participating during in-class and on-line critiques, students will begin to develop design language needed to discuss design works in a critical and considered manner. By producing works regularly throughout the semester, students will be able to improve their technical & theoretical skills through iterative design process, and will be left with a visual record of their design learning. I produce 2D visual works to communicate supplied, textual facts utilising the Adobe Illustrator software package. The visual form should communicate the content and impact of the given fact using basic design elements (line, shape, colour & typography). Compositions should
demonstrate an early understanding of graphic design principles and how these contribute to the visual communication of a message.

## 2. [Infographic Project (size A1)](https://github.com/carriewang1/DECO-2200-Information-Visualisation/tree/main/Infographic%20Project)
Generally used in news media, information graphics are employed to explain aspects/information that are difficult to communicate fully in traditional voice, video & still image forms. These forms of
graphic communication explain complexities, reveal relationships in statistics, visualise complex processes, provide instruction in ways that promote & enhance understanding for the reader. Information graphics has spread beyond news media, into instructional design, scientific visualisation, product design, education, information technology, business and more, in settings where the graphic representation of data or processes provides a more meaningful outcome for the reader. Designing information graphics is much more than translating what can be read into a visual format. It requires filtering of information, revealing of relationships between information sets,
discovery of patterns and the representation of this in a visual manner that is meaningful to the reader. It often requires the inclusion of supplementary information to help reveal or explain the data at the core of the poster.

## 3.[Design Critiques Project](https://github.com/carriewang1/DECO-2200-Information-Visualisation/tree/main/Design%20Critiques%20Project)
This project is designed to promote the critical analysis and review of design work necessary to develop design skills and understanding. The review of others' work provides constructive feedback for the person under review and further develops my own language around design theory, design principles, and their application to the visual communication of data. Over the course of this project, you will provide critiques to your peers in a timely manner that supports their iteration of the work. My critiques  are grounded in the aims of the project, supported by references to design principles and approaches and should be constructive. Using Adobe InDesign I create a multi-page designed document to present my critiques.

